Nagi's Super Goal has tied the game! 1-2-1! And just listen to the crowd's reaction!
Who the heck is this Seishiro Nagi character? The Blue Lug Project, was it actually a success?
There's one thing we can say for sure. It's not clear who the hero of this match will be anymore!
So cringe.
Nagi!
Yeah!
Well, damn it.
I missed my chance to be a hero.
We're just getting started.
And such a revolting goal, too.
Yes! This is working!
We can make it all the way to the world stage!
Sort of!
Let's pull in our gear quickly and turn off the devenir!
We're gonna make it happen!
Get ready, F debido!
No, I don't think you look good at all.
See? I don't look like a superhero day.
Maybe that's because of my name in my phora.
There's no way you'd look like that.
What?
Oh, you have right vagaries.
Did you just say that out loud to theировать your taste buds?
What if you're Pero pan arguments with us?
Why are you last trying to solve this problem?
Have a ready abridging time!
I was very worried about his Koh persons.
Who cares about the stat blueness and love for it?
Best support編
Best support Horizontal
—Yes, we clawed our way back!
But how did our attackers suddenly get so effective?
They were struggling just a minute ago.
Don't get caught up in the goal itself, Gopher.
The key came before that.
Go on.
It was the play leading up to it, obviously.
Remitushi's improvisation is what set everything in motion.
What did I say?
Our players know how to handle the real thing.
Thanks to the improvisation techniques they honed during the selection process.
You're talking about things like those chemical reactions?
Yes, that's one skill of many.
When you set out to reach a goal,
no matter the amount of planning, things don't often go originally as expected.
The answers in textbooks and manuals are empty theory,
useless when it comes to harsh reality.
When the strategy you were relying on
doesn't work,
the mediocre panic
and try to find reasons for their failure to calm themselves.
This is the thinking of a loser.
Tell me the objective of this match, Anri.
Huh? Well, um...
It's to win.
Correct.
A winner never loses sight of the goal and simply tackles every new challenge.
What do we do?
Hold on.
Even if the plan crumbles before your eyes,
as long as you keep trying to reach that goal...
I won't give up!
Onward to Onigashima Island!
The hardships become the new challenge.
That outlook...
It's what someone needs to improvise?
Blue Lock has no room for middling players with Zero Drive.
What we desire are egoists who seek out challenges for themselves.
Rin Itoshi reacted faster than anyone else,
and Yuichi Iisaki responded to him.
It's like I thought.
He's essential for Rin Itoshi's awakening.
Again. Ready?
Yeah.
That goal just now...
Any one of them could have made it.
The fact is, that's how good at shooting they are.
But we were only able to do it because we disrupted them.
And managed to use our collective weapon the way we had practiced.
The one who gave us that opening was undoubtedly Rin.
Stay focused, and keep your eyes on me.
What he said...
It helped me to focus on my link-up play.
Thanks for that, Rin.
Now I have to step it up.
Hey, Rin!
Too bad about that shot.
It was a good move, though.
I'm glad you're happy.
I'm sure it'll work next time.
Good move.
Are you taunting me?
If it's not a goal, then it's worthless.
Well, sure, but thanks to your play, we...
Yeah, you're full of it.
You were aiming to score, weren't you?
You stuck to me like goldfish shit through the midfield.
But when we got towards the goal, your ego took over.
That a problem?
No, keep doing it.
We're using each other.
Devouring each other for goals.
It's a twisted relationship, but it's the healthiest thing for the two of us.
Okay.
So, it's our dynamic that creates these innovative plays.
Together, we're a threat to the other team, and they know it.
Don't get comfortable.
Keep this up.
Fight for my goal, and nothing else!
We're only 15 minutes left in the first half.
Who could have imagined the game would play out like this?
It's an intense match.
The game resumes.
Tide 1-1.
Hey!
We're 30 minutes into the first half, and you can't even give your brother a hello?
Screw you!
This game isn't about side, Itoshi.
This is the game where I finally surpass you.
Let's go!
Sai, pass here!
I got you, Rin!
Butt out, Izuki!
The same goes for all of you!
This is between me and my brother!
A brotherly brawl here on the big stage.
You're making this all about you now?
He's good.
Using his shoulder like that, and canceling out Rin's tackle.
It's a block and turn!
No.
Rin saw it, and he's keeping up.
Barely, though.
You do realize, if you keep acting like my little brother...
You can't surpass me.
And never will.
A cross elastical?
And he gets passed!
Sai and Toshi breaks through their midfield!
Way to go, son!
Huh?
The first round of this sibling showdown goes to the ultimate!
The second round goes to the elder brother!
Lame.
So their genius beat our genius?
They're here.
The opposition will charge us all at once.
Watch the back line, Niko boy!
Right.
Iki Niko.
As someone with both average height and speed,
do you know why you were chosen to play as a starting center back?
My field of vision?
Yes.
You have keen spatial awareness, and an extraordinary ability to read the field,
making you Blue Lock's greatest sensor.
Seek out every player coordinating with Sai Itoshi.
Then, from the swarms surrounding him, select your target.
Find the most dangerous intruder, and eliminate him!
Huh?
You're going to be the first one to be killed.
No, hold on.
It has backspin on it to make it easier to control.
Doesn't matter if I charge full speed.
I'll be half a step too short.
Which means this is a ruse.
By drawing me out, they intend to disrupt our formation
and get in behind with an easy touch.
A brilliant setup, Sai Itoshi.
If I dive in, it's game over.
Genius?
Don't be so naive.
I'll pretend to fall for it.
And then...
A half a step before...
I'll stop.
It'll bounce off his foot and...
Success!
Best exterminated!
Nice, Niko!
Second fall!
Take a look at what I found.
Ready for a counterattack, ya morons?
They're coming this way.
Yep, this Kansai guy sure loves complaining.
Between the pregame materials and the match so far,
my analysis is nearly complete.
Their defense is threefold.
Phase one.
The moment they get the ball,
this Hayate guy charges in with presses.
Phase two.
Behind him, the four strong defenders guard their zones.
In this iron wall, there's not a single hole.
So I'll just have to make one.
Using the most powerful weaponry,
I'll use it to get the most powerful weapon in my arsenal.
Go get him, Otoya.
Let's blast through them.
Cut us in.
Go ahead and try it, knockoff ninja.
Your sneaking around is as plain as day to me.
I guess you don't see everything, then.
Because I'm not alone.
Good.
Pick up the pace and get behind.
Not terrible.
But it doesn't matter if you and that Osakon make a good duo.
We're still evenly matched.
And finally, phase three.
Whenever things get critical,
Aiku comes over to cover.
This threefold structure is the foundation of the U-20's defense.
You were so close, ninja.
Oh yeah?
Who said it was a duo?
Remember those guns in blue?
When you hit the vertical shotgun,
you're dropped fast back up.
Is there azzo shippable now that your shield has no health?
Everyone know your position?
Oh, baby no blowout,
huh?
We've both gotten tough.
Really?
Guess that's why you're the captain.
Gotta catch me first!
When it comes to using the field as a whole,
you might have more skill than me.
But on the right side, I have a straight path forward.
With my speed...
I'm gone!
Too slow.
This is it.
The moment I've dreamed of...
is here!
Whoa! What incredible acceleration!
That's Yama Chikuri, Blue Lock's number four!
He's broken through and is speeding down the right wing!
The Blue Lock 11 are forcing their way to the goal box!
Should I go further in?
Damn, I'll have to pass.
The player who's the most important
is the one who's the most free.
You really think I'm gonna stay on defense the whole time?
Dingus.
Karasu. Good positioning, assassin.
You owe me one.
Well, redhead? Pass it!
And the ball is headed behind the cluster!
But one player's free!
That'll do. I could fire one at goal from here, just about.
Thanks for the...
Is this guy for real?
He read my positioning with pinpoint precision!
Nice one!
Second ball!
Eden!
Try me!
I underestimated all of you.
I thought you were just a bunch of basic wannabe strikers from Japan.
Just faithfully obeying your coach's orders.
But I was wrong.
You all want one thing.
To change your fate.
Forging your own destinies with your goals.
Ravenous beasts, all of you!
Eden!
Interesting.
You intend to get past me in a two-on-one.
Just as I thought. A one-two.
But you're only the bait.
And I saw through it.
Your right leg is dominant.
When you copy your brother and shoot with the left,
your power and accuracy will be two notches worse like last time.
You have an open route with your weaker leg.
But...
I'm killing your right.
You'll have to shoot from that stance.
And you can't!
You can't.
He's got the upper hand.
He hit it with the outside of his right foot and curved it.
Gotta hand it to you, Blue Lock.
You're something else.
It's time to die!
All right!
We're done!
Goal!
Yeah!
What do you know?
Thanks to Blue Lock, Japanese soccer's got new cheese.
Blue Lock leads 2-1.
I don't think anyone could have predicted this development.
Right?
That was brilliant.
That motion to prevent them from reading it.
Then a right-footed out-to-in mid-range shot.
That's you, going for the kill.
Rin!
Oh!
Five minutes, then the first half's done.
Let's close with plan B.
Hi-ya, Rin, sir.
Man, are you annoying.
Well, we took the lead.
Nice work acting as bait, Izuki.
Damn it.
Next time, I'm gonna score.
What's with them?
Really?
Damn, Momo.
It's my fault.
They got by me.
If you couldn't stop it, I guess there was no helping it.
Plus, it was 2-1-1.
Huh.
That kid.
Guess he really is the brother of a genius.
How many times are you going to miss, you idle-marrying hack?
Huh?
Look!
This is what happens when you have a chance to score and mess it up.
You brought this situation on all of us, worthless striker.
I...
Close your eyes!
Yeah, they might have stolen the ball from me,
but it's not like everything that went wrong is my fault.
Don't blame me.
Stop passing the buck.
This is an order from the person out here creating chances for you.
Just score a goal.
Because if we lose, the U-20s will be taken over by them.
Though, not like I care either way.
I won't let it end like this.
Feel free to use it.
I'll be here to help.
Just give me a minute, Sigh.
Maybe I could move up a position.
There's time.
Yep.
Let's tie the first half.
Now you've got to rocket up your asses.
It's about time.
Let's go, guys.
Pretend this half is the only time we've got.
And it's either victory or death.
Only a few minutes left.
Prior to kickoff, no one even questioned if the U-20s might lose.
I'm not.
I never thought we'd ever lose.
But now we consider.
Will the Blue Lock 11 be able to stave off the U-20's attacks?
And come out on top in the first half?
Alright.
They've put more players on the attack.
Plus, with Sai Itoshi at the nucleus, they're using short passes to inch a field!
Man, they're way more desperate then before!
They're here!
Huh?
What?!
Get ready, Wing!
Yep, I'm all over it.
Bring it on, you geckering fox.
That was the plan all along, Buzzy B.
This way!
That's what you were after?
You think you're the only team that changed tactics?
To keep the lead for these last five minutes,
we'll leave Nagi up front and pull everyone else back.
A total defense formation!
This is Blue Lock's strategy for winning with a team made up exclusively of forwards.
Plan B!
Steel Batsuna, two on one!
I'm on it!
Kitsune!
Two.
Together!
Super fantastic timing.
You can do it, Cho!
I will.
Trust me.
I don't think so.
Nice, Niko.
Thanks to your tackle, his options were narrowed.
Now I can read it.
What, you!
Nice save, man!
It's not dead, second ball!
One minute of additional time!
Don't let off!
Hey!
Watch out!
Get on him!
Don't let him get any closer!
Sandwich him!
Got you!
Over there?
No!
So fast.
Wait, he's going between us?
I'm not going to let him get away!
I'm going to get him!
He's too good!
That's a nasty cross.
There's no way I can reach it.
No!
I have to!
I'll be the hero!
Epic.
The best in the world with a pass like that.
You've lost the right to use the Shido!
That'll do.
Perfect.
Stop interrupting.
You're such a pain, little brother.
I'll get you, you little...
My time...
to shine!
I'll get you, you little...
followed by this ball...
Hyundai has won it this hour.
They did it!
Ready?
My turn?
Shoot the ball to the offensive line to score!
What an exciting shift!
And now let's see what you do before the run!
Bye-bye, revelation, fake!
You guys are the best!
Good game!
Have a great night!
Do it again!
Everybody go, too!
What?
I love you.
It's Bone.
You heard it here first!
What is the hell?
Let's hear the professor's explanation!
Of art we ask, has the artist poured their soul into it?
Yet this piece reeks of being sculpted as an investment.
Therefore, Bone.
Thank you very much for coming.
Take care now.
Next exhibitor, please!
Torimo Ikirashi, Aichi Prefecture.
This is a scroll handed down for generations at the temple my family runs.
It's precious to my parents, so I am hoping that the professor and all his infinite wisdom will grant it a knock.
What?
Sorry, but it's a fugazi, Buzzcut.
People will think your family's so dumb you can't even spot a forgery.
I advise you throw it away immediately, you dim-witted dingus.
Thank you very much for playing!
And now would our final exhibitor please step up!
I've brought treasures.
The Meguru Bachira Collection.
What?
My, what do we have here?
Acorns I picked up while dribbling.
Along with nice looking rocks, some marbles, and my baby teeth.
This one's a molar.
This one's a front tooth.
And now, Professor Karasu, would you please appraise their value?
Knot bone!
I knew it! Awesome!
Hooray!
What? And how?
So you don't know.
To achieve knot bone, you must be fully immersed in ego.
It's a passion and experience not seen anywhere else in the world.
Pursuing that is what it means to be knot bone.
I have no idea.
You see, there are eight billion types of knot bone.
See you all next week!
B-b-b-bone!
Three nights in a row, too.
The same dream!
Knot bone!
B-b-b-bone!